Tyrion I
We join Tyrion playing cyvasse with Brown Ben, while they wait for 'Ser Grandfather's' army tosally forth and try to break the siege of Meereen. These two share banter with other of BrownBen's staff about what's the worst thing about waiting for the battle to start, punctuated by thesound of the trebuchets as they fling more plague corpses into Meereen. Brown Ben muses thatthe two dragons are wild cards which could attack anyything on either side during the battle.They assume Dany will return on the third dragon and speculate about rescuing the threehostages - Daario, the eunuch and the horse boy - and delivering them to Meereen therebychanging sides a second time but claiming that they only pretended to change sides before so asto learn the Yunkish plans. Tyrion thinks any skepticism about this will be outweighed bygratitude that he killed Dany's most dangerous enemy - Tywin. Just as Tyrion is about to win thecyvasse game, Jorah bursts in with news of black sails in the bay (ironborn ships) flying dragonbanners.
Tyrion II
Tyrion is with the Second Sons and Jorah, readying for battle. Brown Ben has gone to see thegirl general. However, the Second Sons are still on the side of the Yunkai. There are greatlaments that they are fighting for the wrong side. There is fighting in Slavers’ Bay and under theWall. The fight will be upon their position soon.Tyrion watches the sun rise over the battlefield. One of the dragons (he can’t tell which) eatssoldiers being flung into the air by one of six things called the Wicked Sisters (apparently somekind of embattlement). “Why do the gods keep putting him into battle?” thinks Tyrion, since he’snot made for it. His thoughts turn first to Shae, then to his first battle at the Green Fork. Heremembers the Green Fork better than Blackwater. And the Second Sons saddling up remindhim of Bron.He is not yet in armor, so he returns to his tent. Penny is there, dressed in real armor for her defense. As she helps Tyrion suit up, they talk. When he mentions Cersei, Penny says, “Youwould sell your sister for a cup of horse piss.” Tyrion has to laugh: “Is my taste for horse piss sofamous or have you met my sister?” He then explains his thoughts on strategy for the upcomingbattle – a great plan to be heard and followed by no one. And as he remembers his father remaining above the fighting at the Green Fork, Penny kisses him.Tyrion is enraged. He rants at her about the slaughter of the battlefield and the reality about toinvade her innocent world. Penny apologizes, saying she’s frightened. But this echo of Shaemakes matters worse. He leaves to see the battle. It is Viserion chowing down on flying soldiers.Rheagal is in sight, however. The camp is in a panic. A man in golden armor rides up from the Supreme Commander Gorzak (ph). No one in the campknows who Gorzak is. This man is his emissary and commands them to move to the bay andattack the savages from the squid ships. Tyrion, as a Lannister, is well aware of the Ironborndepredations and is not inclined to follow the command. The Second Sons agree: they arecavalry and can’t walk on water. They decide to wait for Brown Ben to return. The emissary,assuring them of the wrath of Gorzak, departs. Tyrion and Jorah agree – they are fighting for thewrong side.Viserion withdraws from the skies. Rhaegal still flies, however.Brown Ben returns. Melessa (ph) wants them to defend a Wicked Sister. Tyrion crudely points outthat the girl has nicer breasts. And at that point, a Yunkai nobleman rides up. Tyrion approves of the depraved scene depicted on his armor, but his news is less welcome. The nobleman swears
