
 
SER BARRISTAN II
His gut feels twisted from nervousness as he rides through the gates. He knows that the feelingwill go away when time slows down in the chaos of battle. Dany’s horse is easily outpacing thelads and the rest of the cavalry; Barristan is pleased because he intends to outrun the Widower and strike the first blow. The Yunkai’i are totally unprepared and Barristan closes in on theHarridan, the largest of the trebuchets. The stormcrows take up the cry, “Daario!” and“Stormcrows, fly!” Barristan thinks that he will never again doubt the valor of sellswords.There are only thirty yards between the horse and the Yunkai’i legions by the time any defense ismounted. The air fills with arrows. A squire for the stormcrows is killed, and a bolt piercesBarristan’s shield. There are three horn blasts and the pitfighters emerge from the gate behindthem.Barristan glances back to see the pitfighters. There are about two hundred of them, but they makeenough noise for two thousand. One woman stands out, wearing nothing but greaves, sandals, achainmail skirt, and a python. Barristan is a bit shocked and, watching her breasts bouncingaround, thinks that this day is sure to be her last. The pitfighters are mostly shouting “Loraq!” and“Hizdar!” but some do call out “Danaerys!” Larraq is hit in the chest with an arrow, bringingBarristan’s attention forward, but the squire keeps the banners held high and shakes it off.Barristan has reached the Harridan, but a Ghiscari legion six thousand strong has lined up toprotect the huge trebuchet. They are six ranks deep -- the first rank kneels and holds their spearspointing out and up, the second rank stands and holds their spears out at waist height, and andthe third rank holds the spears out on their shoulders. The rest have small throwing spears andare ready to step forward when their comrades fall.Barristan knows that a maester’s chain is only as strong as his weakest link, and identifies thecompanies of the Yunkish lords as the weakest of his immediate foes, certainly weaker than theslave legions. In particular, Barristan targets the Little Pigeon and his herons. The slaves chosento be herons were freakishly tall before they were put on stilts, and wear pink scales and feathersand steel beaks. But Barristan sees that they will be blind because of the dawn rising over thecity, and like to break ranks easily, so Barristan turns away from the legion guarding the trebuchetat the last minute and heads for the herons.He cuts the head off of one of the herons and his lads join the fray. Dany’s horse knocks a heroninto three others and they all fall over. In a moment, the herons are scattering and running away,led by the Little Pigeon himself. Unfortunately for the Little Pigeon, he trips over the fringes of hisbird armor and gets caught by the Red Lamb. The Little Pigeon begs for mercy, saying that hewill fetch a large ransom. The Red Lamb just says “I came for blood, not gold” and knocks in theLittle Pigeon’s head with his mace, splattering blood all over Barristan and Dany’s silver horse.The unsullied begin marching through the gates, and Barristan sees that the Yunkai’i havemissed their chance to effectively launch a counterattack. As he watches more of the slavelegions get slaughtered, mostly those who were chained together and could not retreat, hewonders where the sellsword companies like the treacherous Second Sons have gone. Theunsullied finish lining up outside the gates, implacable even when one of their own number fallswith a crossbow bolt to the neck